This matter is over.
Li Fei. thank you. This is just the beginning.
The Wang family was just a sheep that was pushed out.
I think there will be more real-life things coming to the market.
You suspect there is a larger organization behind it.
That's for sure. The Wang family has never been so angry.
I will continue to pay attention to this matter. Let me give you the card.
Not much money. Just think of it as buying some bird skins for my children and younger siblings.
Thank you, President Zhang. The president has one more thing.
I want your help to find a blender for me.
Why are you looking for a blender? I want to give Xiaoyun and the child.
You are such a good husband
Come see me at Original Jewelry on News Road
You can be discharged from the hospital in a while
As long as you take care of me
It's the best gift for us two.
Without using my own abilities
Let both your mothers live a good life
I don’t need the money
Don’t use money to study for a Ph.D.
Otherwise, you won’t be able to see us two in the future.
It's the same as eleven and a half thousand
I might be being targeted too